README.md, before:

# PokeBOT
Pokemon Go Bot in C# based on PokemonGo-Bot

Status API:
-------------
API bot now work (but sometimes error).
0.45.0 for Android and 1.15.0 for iOS

Features
-------------
 - Auto Farming Pokestops/Pokemon.
 - Transfer/Evolve Pokemons with auto stop and dont transfer favorit.
 - Simple GUI
 - Incubate Eggs
 - Pokemon Gui with stats.
 - Livemap with Pokestop/gym/pokemon information on it. (by you and DBPoke)
 - Navigation Logic
 - Random Throws (Curved, nice..)
 - Real Animation waiting time (slow bot :p)
 - Security
 - Google Routing
 - PowerUp/Evolve/Rename/Favorit Pokemons in the GUI
 - Manage Items
 - Expor data list pokemon
 - Snipe+
 - Teleport Pokestop
 - Edit Devices info and support ios (soon)
 - and much more!

Note:
-------------------
If you have troubles (exceptions) when starting and/or you come from an older version try that:
 - Create new empty folder. 
 - GO download last build, https://github.com/akbaryahya/PokeBOT/blob/master/build/
 - Download and unzip in new folder
 - Try to execute (PokeBOT.exe) now.

How to use Tor Network?
-------------------
 - GO download addons tor, https://github.com/akbaryahya/PokeBOT/tree/master/addons
 - Download and unzip in folder bot
 - Try to execute (PokeBOT.exe) now.

Credits to:
-------------------
 - Ar1i (Base Bot)
 - FeroxRev,Necrobot,HackePokeBot-Go (API C#)
 - AeonLucid (POGOProtos)
 - Siakbary (DBPoke,Logic)
 - MTK4355,Xelwon (Additional features on base bot)
 - IgnaceMaes (Skin C#)

Commit message:

Update to 4.4
Fix "error index was outside the bounds of the array"
Fix layout gui list pokemon
Add warning error if there is an empty at device editor
and such small bug pokemon list blank/error (need more time delay)

README.md, after:

# PokeBOT (4.4)
Pokemon Go Bot in C# based on PokemonGo-Bot

Status API:
-------------
API bot now work (but sometimes error).
> 0.45.0 for Android and 1.15.0 for iOS

Features
-------------
 - Auto Farming Pokestops/Pokemon.
 - Transfer/Evolve Pokemons with auto stop and dont transfer favorit.
 - Simple GUI
 - Incubate Eggs
 - Pokemon Gui with stats.
 - Livemap with Pokestop/gym/pokemon information on it. (by you and DBPoke)
 - Navigation Logic
 - Random Throws (Curved, nice..)
 - Real Animation waiting time (slow bot :p)
 - Security
 - Google Routing
 - PowerUp/Evolve/Rename/Favorit Pokemons in the GUI
 - Manage Items
 - Expor data list pokemon
 - Snipe+
 - Teleport Pokestop
 - Edit Devices info and support ios
 - and much more!

Note:
-------------------
If you have troubles (exceptions) when starting and/or you come from an older version try that:
 - Create new empty folder.
 - GO download last build, https://github.com/akbaryahya/PokeBOT/blob/master/build/
 - Download and unzip in new folder
 - Try to execute (PokeBOT.exe) now.

How to use Tor Network?
-------------------
 - GO download addons tor, https://github.com/akbaryahya/PokeBOT/tree/master/addons
 - Download and unzip in folder bot
 - Try to execute (PokeBOT.exe).
 - Press "RUN TOR".

How to FAST BOT?
-------------------
 - Disable Safe Banned
 - Disable GUI
 - Disable Auto Incubate
 - Set Speed 38 - 7 km with random speed
 - Select location that many pokestop
 - Select all evolve pokemon
 >  Note: do do it if you fear you will be banned (but I tried until now have not got banned *maybe I was lucky xD)

Credits to:
-------------------
 - Ar1i (Base Bot)
 - FeroxRev,Necrobot,HackePokeBot-Go (API C#)
 - AeonLucid (POGOProtos)
 - Siakbary (DBPoke,Logic)
 - MTK4355,Xelwon (Additional features on base bot)
 - IgnaceMaes (Skin C#)
